Good afternoon Good afternoon I’m from Ukraine, the city of
Khmelnitsky, where are you from
Well, what city is Yekaterinburg Yekaterinburg
is the capital of the Urals, as it were, conditionally of the
federal district,
support the special operation, how can
I support it?
agree that
he is smarter than Putin, he has more information, he
has more information or he is smarter, he is
competent in these matters, you said
that he is smarter,
I tell you
above when you support Yes, you are
based on some information,
too, let's see now for almost a
year  passed because
demilitarization is underway, you can tell
[laugh]
Ukraine, it turns out Ukraine, on the contrary, is
given more and more NATO weapons
Russian weapons disappear somewhere
new ones don’t appear, it
just turns out in fact
Yes,
experiment, I won’t teach the employee, that’s
not how we are as citizens Look here
you are  let's talk, think about what a
cunning plan might be  Putin in this situation His cadre army died in Ukraine, like they take yes And you are an employee in general Well, what didn’t a cadre die in the army, I understand, let me have more information than you have for me like Putin I’m not President Zelensky his adviser it turns out that the Russian army was knocked out from near Kyiv, through him, the sums of Kharkov Kherson, because of which they somehow left themselves, in your own words Say in words How many liters Why did they leave Let's say this What things are he Why did Russia run away from these regions there groups Here you listened to how many writers tell me tell me in a nutshell, for example, because of what Russia ran away Look, and you lose to a blogger with 1000 subscriptions, see Yes, I won, you didn’t even know that the competition was going on, you are already competing in short, let’s summarize the Russian army The Russian army turned out and ran away So you rumble like Let's get that the Russian army received stars in all these areas and there is some
Cattle Ritter told a secret explanation something there Yes, go
listen and what the Russian army
itself says about this why she ran away
she did a cool operation here Shoigu
for example what will you tell him
so further, like under a lemon, they
ran away shorter, damn it, threw equipment
for what then they went in